= tokamak

Tokamak is a hypermedia template engine created to enpower Restfulie.

== Get it on baby!

Based on Cipriani's example on the Restfulie mailing list, this is a simple Tokamak description:

collection(@activities) do |collection|
	collection.members do |m, activity|
		member.values { |v| v.id = activity.id }
		member.link "similar", url_for activity.similar
	end
end

And a full bodied example:

collection(@activities) do |collection|
  collection.members do |member, activity|
    member.values { |values|

      values.id           activity.id
      values.title        activity.title

      values.actor { 
         values.type activity.actor_type.downcase
         values.id   activity.actor_id
      }

      values.verbs  activity.verbs

      values.object {
        values.type activity.object_type.downcase
        values.id   activity.object_id 
        values.content activity.object.content if activity.object_content?
      } 

      if activity.indirect_object
        values.indirect_object {
          values.type activity.indirect_object_type.downcase
          values.id   activity.indirect_object_id
        }
      end
    }

  end
end

== Team

It was created by the team who contributed to Restfulie.

== Contributing to tokamak
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Guilherme Silveira. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

